hey y'all ok so this video um just
basically a quick video because I get a
lot of questions asking what type of
here candy TT like what's happened here
do you recommend me trying for my first
install sometimes you guys say I want
cheap hair you know it's my first year
sometimes you guys said I one here that
I can reuse and sometimes I get
questions like price price appropriate
you know for like lift and here and all
that stuff so like if you're looking for
just like regular human here that you
can get from your local beauty supply
store then I would definitely say either
Milky Way not cute or pure but the Milky
Way yaky we've okay there are two pack
there are two different types of our
Milky Way okay there's one with the on
price is like right on the UM the the
flaps not that Prime and then there's
another one that's just that just as
Milky Way yaky we've and it should have
a life span to chick with some
highlights on it and then there's on
premium now by sensational I always use
premium known and I just started using
Milky Way but they're basically the same
thing the hair is the same everything is
the same but yeah if you're getting like
your first install probably see a good
luck will be of either 12 or 14 inch but
besides that and I get a lot of
questions about you guys wanting here
that you know not too pricey but you
want good value here that trick you kick
you cannot reuse right now I have
version Indian here in my head and um a
lot of you guys I told you guys that I
was going to unveil my hairstyle see you
guys but I haven't cut it yet all I did
was I cut a bang cut a bang and I
haven't even like flat iron I just woke
up and it was just still like this so
that's why I haven't showed you guys
blog I'm guessing this is going to be
like a little sneak peek over here and
then i'll show you guys how it installed
it and everything in the next
yo hopefully I'm going to try to get the
next video up on monday i am working
sunday night overnight from seven to
three am so we'll see how that goes but
if not i'll probably try to get up the
next day sorry y'all I've been so busy
lately but yeah so this is the hair that
i got from soup base closure so if you
guys gonna check out the website like
ahead of time you can but yeah you guys
will see the video i did not like that
first and i'm still actually getting
used to it just because you know it's
different and i haven't put any layers
in it yet because i wanted to show you
guys that too only layers i have in it
is my bang later so that's why i still
looks a little off you know but it'll
get better as time goes on and on but
for you guys saying that you one here
that is on that you can reuse you know
maybe some version here some remy hair
or like Bobby bolts or something like
that I wouldn't let you guys know of
this new website called miss perfect
hair calm it's a fairly new website so
their you know their prices are pretty
cheap right now just because they're new
and they haven't like introductory
prices and stuff like that but right now
they have a sale going on like a little
nope habit over everything else but
right now they have a sale going on it's
called the sweet on you sell so this is
from februari 82 februari 14 I think
today's 11th so I'm kind of leave I
didn't get a chance to try to hear but
what the price is like what with the
price i'm about to tell y'all now i will
be trying this here as soon as possible
right now they have a full lace wig I
didn't click on the link to check
whether it was human or or Indian or
version or anything like that but the
full lace wig or the edge either but the
full lace wig is 135 come on all the
Foley's version you can you get for 135
ok so then they're having they have on
indian remy body wave 16 inch color 160
bucks like 16 inch for 60 bucks
mm-hmm if you buy if you were to buy go
to your local response to about
volleyball 16-inch it'll be probably
like ninety nine dollars cheapest you'll
find at $99 so just keep that in mind
they have the indian remy straight
14-inch fifty bucks so if you're looking
to get human here i would definitely
tell you just jump to these because
you'll be adding like a twenty twenty
dollars like extra and total going from
human hair too regular to high priced
here so um because if you buy let me see
if you buy a 16 inch and a 14 inch and
either lucky we're a premium now and
regular human here they don't run you
about it'll run you about $72 so saying
you might say you by the Indian roomy
straight 14-inch that's fifty dollars
that'll be a hundred dollars in total
cuz you're gonna need to pass okay so
that's basically adding what twenty
eight dollars extra come on now i will
definitely go from human upgrade to
human to indian remy in no time then
they have for me they have indian remy
wave do you know the body wave the nice
stuff i'm pretty sure that's the white
and weaving 20-inch sixty dollars a 20
inch we all want to me and only sixty
dollars think I definitely want that one
though then it gets better they have
virgin brazilian 14-inch $65 yeah my
heart is beating so fast right now and
then they have virgin indian 14-inch $65
so the two version either Brazilian or
Indian 14-inch 65 bucks so if y'all
looking to purchase here right now I
would definitely say hit up the website
i'll put the link below hit up the
website once you get to the website just
scroll all the way down and I'll have
the sale prices and the pictures right
next to them I'm kind of make this quick
video because I was just on facebook and
i was seeing you guys on actually
questions and stuff like that like what
is my next installment of you so i just
make this video so you guys can see the
next
stall but you don't have to comment on
this on this video about the neck about
this install because I will get just
wait to like I'll put the video up for
this install so you can see what I went
through I'll tell right now it was not
easy putting this on I'm gonna be room
it was not easy but uh yeah if you guys
definitely get a chance to try out to
hear from Miss Perfect hair calm before
me let me know how it works for you but
I definitely will be order from this
site as soon as possible so i will see
out in the next video where i am of
showing my hair and cutting it and
install in it and showing you out what I
went through to get this lace on by the
you see you later